# READ Me ~ Analysis of the rivers in the Bolzano'S area   

Write a Description. Your description is an extremely important aspect of your project. ...
Add a Table of Contents (Optional) ...
How to Install Your Project. ...
How to Use Your Project. ...
Include Credits. ...
List the License. ...
Badges

The aim of this project is to create a robust and persistent pipeline that allows to handle and work with big data relatively to the state of the rivers in the Bolzano's Area. 
More precesily, what we want to achieve is to collect, store and analyse data regarding the Water Level, the Water Temperature and the Water flow of three different rivers called Adige, Talvera and Isarco. 
In short, we collected both historical data (from the following link: http://meteobrowser.eurac.edu/app_direct/meteobrowser/?_inputs_&csvjson=%22json%22&daterange=%5B%222019-01-01%22%2C%222021-07-18%22%5D&gather=%22wide%22&gather-selectized=%22%22&isdst=true&language=%22en%22&map_bounds=%7B%22north%22%3A46.531469060889%2C%22east%22%3A11.4419174194336%2C%22south%22%3A46.4369104957813%2C%22west%22%3A11.2112045288086%7D&map_center=%7B%22lng%22%3A11.32648%2C%22lat%22%3A46.4842759763911%7D&map_groups=%5B%22Street%20Map%22%2C%22draw%22%5D&map_marker_mouseout=%7B%22id%22%3Anull%2C%22.nonce%22%3A0.0469041332985507%2C%22lat%22%3A46.4423%2C%22lng%22%3A11.2525%7D&map_marker_mouseover=%7B%22id%22%3Anull%2C%22.nonce%22%3A0.127517571308739%2C%22lat%22%3A46.4423%2C%22lng%22%3A11.2525%7D&map_zoom=12&refresh=8&round=%22hourly%22&round-selectized=%22%22&selAltitude=%5B0%2C3399%5D&selSensor=%5B%22Water%20flow%20-%20m%C2%B3%2Fs%22%2C%22Water%20level%20-%20cm%22%2C%22Water%20temperature%20-%20%C2%B0C%22%5D&selSensor-selectized=%22%22&selStation=%5B%22EISACK%20BEI%20BOZEN%20S%C3%9CD%20%2F%20ISARCO%20A%20BOLZANO%20SUD%22%2C%22ETSCH%20BEI%20SIGMUNDSKRON%20%2F%20ADIGE%20A%20PONTE%20ADIGE%22%2C%22TALFER%20BEI%20BOZEN%20%2F%20TALVERA%20A%20BOLZANO%22%5D&selStation-selectized=%22%22&sidebarCollapsed=false&sidebarItemExpanded=null) and new data (collected in real time through the API at the following link:http://dati.retecivica.bz.it/services/meteo/v1/sensors) regarding the above mentioned measures for each of the above mentioned rivers. 
We stored these information into a relational data base, namely a MySQL db. Then, we used this data to train a SARIMAX model, an autoregressive model, that allows us to make predictions up to a week after the last observation stored. 
The output of this model is a WebApp that shows the rivers in an interactive map. Then the user can select the rivers and the measure he/she is interested in. Then, it is possible to see a plot of that specific measures.  Lastly, thanks to a slider from 1 to 168 it is possible to select a number that corresponds to the predicion time. For example, if you choose 1 you will make a prediction of the state of the rivers for the next hour, the furthest prediction is obtained with 168 namely, a week after the last observation. This, will produce a plot where it is possible to visualize the latest trend of the selected variable for the choosen river plus the preediction.  The prediction is represented as a solid gray line that shows the range of values in which the prediction can lie in the choosen interval. 

